Serial Recovery for the Thingy:91 X (#14486)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.6.99-cs1.rst

  * Added support for PSA crypto on the :ref:`nRF54L15 PDK <ug_nrf54l15_gs>`.
    Enabled the PSA crypto support with a CRACEN driver as the backend by setting the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SECURITY`.

> Scripts

Reviewer: The content should be added to the "release-notes-changelog.rst" file. https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.html

=======

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`script <scripts>`.

> * Thingy:91 X DFU:
> 
>   * Added west commands ``west thingy91x-dfu`` and ``west thingy91x-reset`` for convenient use of the serial recovery functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :file:`thingy91x_dfu.py` script in the :file:`scripts/west_commands` folder.
  The script adds the west commands ``west thingy91x-dfu`` and ``west thingy91x-reset`` for convenient use of the serial recovery functionality.
```
